Hello, it's Thursday, it's 10am, I'm Victoria Derbyshire. Fly less, drive an electric car eat less red meat and turn down your heating - a new report out today says these are the things we need to do to get carbon emissions down to virtually zero by 2050. By sending a net zero target in the UK we are sending an incredibly strong signal to other countries that they need to do the same thing. He is from the Independent Committee on Climate Change and he says it is the Government and big industries who will have to make the most significant changes The former Defence Secretary, Gavin Williamson, sacked by the Prime Minister after allegedly leaking informatior from a National Security Council meeting, says he didn't do it and he's the victim of a vendetta The Prime Minister has made her decision, I sat on the National Security Council for many years, it is very important everybody has confidence in it so of course the Prime Minister made the -- made her own decision. Do you think she made the right decision? I think it is up to the Prime Minister. Two women who took part in the London Marathon last weekend have exclusively told this programme they were called fat and slow and sprayed with chemicals by contractors cleaning up around them. Don't know if you can see, there is a sweeper behind me, I am under a 17-minute pace, and he is spraying detergent all over me. This is how our Londor Marathon treat our pacers. We'll talk to pacer Liz Ayres and also one of her fellow runners who says she suffered a chemical burn. And we'll speak to Line Of Duty star Vicky McClure about why she's made a documentary about dementia, about Line Of Duty and about The Bodyguard. You can't dispute that The Bodyguard was a huge success and we have the same crew, the same writers, the same production, so they are all friends of ours, so we are really proud of them. But look, I'm in Line Of Duty so that's my main priority and we were there first sc Are you willing to radically change the way you live your life to have cleaner air and less pollution? Would you consider switching to an electric car or eating less meat or getting solar panels on your roof? Have you already done that? . We will talk about that this morning. AR First, Annita McVeigh has the news. Gavin Williamson sacked as defence minister last night has strongly denied leaking information from a top-level government meeting claiming he is the victim of a kangaroo court. In the next hour, the Government will face questions in the Commons on the matter. Gavin Williamson was blamed for revealing confidential information to the Daily Telegraph about Huawei. Opposition parties are calling for a police investigation. Itis a Prime Minister alleging the Defence Secretary has breached the Official Secrets Act, he deserves the right to clear his name if he is innocent, I think there needs to be an inquiry. A report commissioned by the Government says the UK should become a world leader in tackling climate change by being carbon neutral by 2050. The Committee or Climate Change says tougher targets could mean people taking fewer flights, eating less red meat, driving electric cars and setting the heat in 19 degrees. It has been * claimed... When women received chemical burns from the clean-up operation before reaching the finishing line. Marathon organisers said they were very sorry to hear complaints and are investigating. Fiona Onasanya, an MP, has become the first Member of Parliament to lose her seat following a public petition. Almost 20,000 people signed the document demanded she be removed. She was jailed in January for lying about a speeding offence. She had been representing the city as independent MP. There will be a by-election. A teenage boy has been stabbed to death in East London. The boy was found with fatal injuries i Hackney last night. Police have put a section order in place allowing officers to stop and search anyone on the street. A star of Line Of Duty whose great grandmother that the manager says she wants the Government to put more money into finding a cure. In a programme going out this evening, she forms a choir, it is the music can lessen the symptoms of aggression and agitation. The Government need to take it seriously. It is like cancer. It is getting to the point where people are getting diagnosed younger, we need more research, funding, people taking it into the extreme of Cancer research. It is not there yet. New photographs of Princes: Charlotte have been released to mark her fourth birthday. The pictures were taken by her mother, the [Duchess of , Duchess of ]Cambridge, and that is the latest news. Back to you Victoria. More from Vicky McClure in the second half of the programme. Turn down your central heating to 19 degrees, eat less red meat, ditch your car for an electric one, and fly less. Those are some of things we will all have to do if we want to tackle climate change and get greenhouse gases down to virtually zero by 2050. If we do it, we can help save the planet and have cleaner air. That's according to an independent report today. Here are the details. The Committee on Climate Change, which advises that Government, says the UK should lead the global fight against climate change by cutting greenhouse gases  to nearly zero by 2050  